this is the best way to hit your revenue
goals since i started out as an
entrepreneur i've had five co-founders
and in my latest company mp digital i
now have 700 employees and i'll probably
be close to 900 employees by the end of
the year
i've learned something over the years
i keep pushing forward and i try to make
more money not because i care for money
heck i wear all white t-shirts as you
can see and i drive a honda odyssey
it's because to me it's a sport and i
just have to hit a number my wife and i
are going to donate all our money
anyways i'm not saying we're rich but
whatever we have left at the end of the
day i'll give it away my kids can go
earn it just like everyone else
it doesn't make sense why i just keep
pushing forward but i just have to i
really can't stop my wife thinks
sometimes i'm crazy and i probably am
but i just have to keep pushing forward
and i love it too what's worse is once i
hit a number my goal post keeps changing
and i keep increasing the number i need
to hit to be satisfied which is silly
because i don't do anything with my
money as i mentioned
but i've learned that out of all the
people and co-founders that i've worked
with only one person was like me and
funny enough he's my brother-in-law most
people aren't motivated to keep pushing
forward to just hit a number for the
sake of it heck my brother-in-law lives
in the same house before he had money
now that even though he has quite a bit
much more money
and i've learned one thing that's
changed and helped me stay motivated and
keep my team and co-founders motivated
can you guess what it is leave a comment
below letting me know
come on what do you think it is
all right it's actually by having
personal goals and ones that involve
money
when people want bigger homes and
fancier cars or even jets although that
sounds crazy it pushes them to make more
money
now i don't have those goals but again
i'm motivated by just hitting a number
so i can hit a number and beat my
competition but as i mentioned most
people other than my co-founder that
i've worked with my brother-in-law
aren't like that
most people need something to keep
pushing them forward
so keep pushing your co-founders and
team members to have bigger goals now
here are some examples
my co-founder mike camo wanted amazing
home he's building a home that'll
probably cost him somewhere in the eight
figures in las vegas he'll be able to
sell it for a profit but that was one of
his goals he wanted a beautiful home
that he can design heck at this point
he's thinking about hey maybe one day
down the road when i retire and go to
san diego mike's like maybe i'll build a
home down there as well
another person we work with kyle he's
like i want a beautiful home as well
he's building him and he's building a
million plus dollar home that was one of
his goals it pushes him to work harder
and hit more goals another buddy of mine
who works with us nick roshan he's just
like i love cars and he keeps buying
these old cars and fixing them up and
even buys newer cars and that's his
goals and that motivates him to generate
more sales what you've got to figure out
is what pushes people sometimes it's
cars sometimes it's homes sometimes it's
just having more money so you can take a
trip or vacation or sometimes it's being
able to have the money so you can help
other people out my wife likes money so
that she can support the causes that she
loves whether it's helping out parents
who you know have a lot of kids and you
know until i had kids i didn't know
diapers were so expensive or whether
it's helping people who don't have you
know nutritious food or clean water or
you know need help with eye surgeries my
wife likes picking passions or things
that she's passionate about and that
motivates her for us as a family to do
well so she can give towards those
causes so you got to figure out what
motivates you and strive for those goals
and objectives and accomplish them use
that money for good or for hitting
whatever you want and that'll push you
to work harder and i found that that
works for most people not everyone but
for most people now if you need help
hitting your goals especially when it
comes to traffic and generating sales
check out my ad agency np digital i hope
you enjoyed this video like it share it
when using this tactic don't push people
to goals that are unobtainable or that
can hurt them for example if someone
can't afford a home don't convince them
to buy that home and put them in their
family in a really bad place but use it
in a positive way